I'm Estus Kiefover. The health of our economy depends on strong competitive private enterprise,
but there are some things private enterprise cannot do without help. Since the depression
we in Tennessee have learned that a workable partnership can exist between free enterprise
and government, and this partnership has strengthened our economy. Two classic examples
are our great Tennessee Valley Authority and REA. TVA dams like the one you see here mean
low cost power which attracts industries to our state. These dams protect our farms and
our cities against floods. And TVA lakes bring millions of tourists dollars into Tennessee
every year. And your TVA's enemies are still working to destroy it. I've been fighting
for TVA ever since it began. I want to keep up that fight. You can help me by re-electing
me to the United States Senate on August 4th. Thank you very much.
I'm Estus Kiefover. You know it takes many years to reach a position in the United States
Senate where you can best serve your state and nation. Only through a long service can
a senator from Tennessee or any state get on important committees where he can work
more effectively for the people. After 22 years in the Congress I am fortunate to be
chairman of two Senate subcommittees. You've been hearing a lot about one of these, the
one investigating had drug prices. I'm also on the Senate Appropriations Committee. This
committee says how much money Tennessee may get for hospitals, highways, airports,
soil conservation, national forest and parks, TVA and many other federal programs. There
are a few Tennessee ins today who say federal aid for our state is wrong. I say federal
aid with no strings attached is right. I believe you feel as I do. You can show that you
do by re-electing me to the United States Senate on August 4th. Thank you.
I'm Estus Kiefover. We in Tennessee know that private enterprise can grow in partnership
with government. Two classic examples are TVA and R.E.A. But TVA's enemies are still working
to destroy it. You can help preserve the TVA by re-electing me as your United States
Senator on August 4th. Thank you.
I'm Estus Kiefover. We in Tennessee know that private enterprise can grow in partnership
with government. Two classic examples are TVA and R.E.A. But TVA's enemies are still
working to destroy it. You can help preserve the TVA by re-electing me as your United States
Senator on August 4th. Thank you.
I'm Estus Kiefover. One of the biggest problems we face at home today is inflation. Another
name for it is the high cost of living. This is a problem that strikes that everybody's
pocketbook in Tennessee and in the nation. I think one of the main causes of inflation
is half prices and unreasonable profits by a big few in some of our vital industries
like steel and drugs. As chairman of the Antitrust Subcommittee, I have fought for years
to stop this spiraling of prices. And I've been fighting also to establish a department
of consumers in the federal government. This is an effort for both consumers and for our
great free enterprise system. But the fight is not finished and there is tremendous pressure
to prevent this effort from going on. I want to continue to work for lower prices for
you and your family. You can help me do this by re-electing me to the United States
Senate on August 4th. Thank you very much.
I'm Estus Kiefover. Inflation strikes that everybody's pocketbook. I've been fighting to
show that a big cause of inflation is excessive profits on a few basic commodities. I want
to keep up this fight. You can help me by re-electing me as your United States Senator
on August 4th. Thank you.
I'm Estus Kiefover. It takes years to attain key positions in the United States Senate.
After 22 years, I am fortunate to be on the Senate Appropriations Committee, which provides
federal aid money to Tennessee. Tennessee can't afford to lose this senior artist.
Re-elect me to the United States Senate on August 4th. Thank you.
I'm Estus Kiefover. One of the biggest problems we face at home today is inflation. Another
name for it is the high cost of living. This is a problem that strikes that everybody's
pocketbook. In Tennessee and in the nation. I think one of the main causes of inflation
is high prices and unreasonable profits by a big few in some of our vital industries like
steel and drugs. As chairman of the Antitrust Subcommittee, I have fought for years to stop
this spiraling of prices. And I've been fighting also to establish a department of consumers
in the federal government. This is an effort for both consumers and for our great free enterprise
system. But the fight is not finished. And there is tremendous pressure to prevent this
effort from going on. I want to continue to work for lower prices for you and your family.
You can help me do this by re-electing me to the United States Senate on August 4th. Thank
you very much.
I'm Estus Kiefover. The health of our economy depends on strong, competitive, private
enterprise. But there are some things private enterprise cannot do without help. Since the
depression we in Tennessee have learned that a workable partnership can exist between
free enterprise and government. And this partnership has strengthened our economy. Two classic
examples are our great Tennessee Valley Authority and RE8. TVA dams like the one you see
here mean low cost power which attracts industries to our state. These dams protect our
farms and our cities against floods. And TVA lakes bring millions of tourists dollars into
Tennessee every year. And your TVA's enemies are still working to destroy it. I've been fighting
for TVA ever since it began. I want to keep up that fight. You can help me by re-electing
me to the United States Senate on August 4th. Thank you very much.
I'm Estus Kiefover. You know it takes many years to reach a position in the United States
Senate where you can best serve your state and nation. Only through a long service can
a senator from Tennessee or any state get on important committees where he can work more
effectively for the people. After 22 years in the Congress I am fortunate to be chairman
of two Senate subcommittees. You've been hearing a lot about one of these, the one investigating
had drug prices. I'm also on the Senate Appropriations Committee. This committee says how much
money Tennessee may get for hospitals, highways, airports, soil conservation, national
forests and parks, TVA and many other federal programs. There are a few Tennessee ins
today who say federal aid for our state is wrong. I say federal aid with no strings attached
is right. I believe you feel as I do. You can show that you do by re-electing me to the
United States Senate on August 4th. Thank you.
I'm Estus Kiefover. One of the biggest problems we face at home today is inflation. Another
name for it is the high cost of living. This is a problem that strikes that everybody's
pocketbook, in Tennessee and in the nation. I think one of the main causes of inflation
is high prices and unreasonable profits by a big few and some of our vital industries
like steel and drugs. As chairman of the Antitrust Subcommittee I have fought for years to stop
this spiraling of prices and I've been fighting also to establish a department of consumers
in the federal government. This is an effort for both consumers and for our great free
enterprise system. But the fight is not finished and there is tremendous pressure to prevent
this effort from going on. I want to continue to work for lower prices for you and your
family. You can help me do this by re-electing me to the United States Senate on August
4th. Thank you very much.
Today I want to talk about peace. We all agree that the paramount issue of our time is
peace, the prevention of another war. We want peace with honor. I am proud of what two
democratic administrations have done toward achieving peace over a period of 20 years.
Namaste earners desire is to develop and emphasize the positive and the creative elements
of our foreign policy. And to stress above all when we speak of a policy of strength we
do not mean military strength alone. No, that is not enough. We must be strong economically,
politically and above all spiritually. For without all of these victory is impossible.
The problems which we face in the world today are complex indeed. But if we apply to them
the vision, the energy and the vitality which have combined to produce the America of today,
we simply cannot fail. Thank you for letting me talk with you. I hope that you will support
me.
Next July the Democratic Party will select its nominee for the
presidency of the United States. In the weeks ahead Democrats everywhere will express
their support of the candidates they feel is best qualified. And now one of America's
most distinguished political figures, Senator Paul Douglas of Illinois will comment on
one of the nation's leading presidential candidates, Esther Keef-Hawler.
How do you feel about Senator Esther Keef-Hawler, who is a friend of yours and who has announced
this candidate? Well, Senator Keef-Hawler is one of the finest men in the United States
Senate. He is an absolutely honest man in the first place. Not only incorruptible,
but he won't let anybody else take any money. He is an intelligent man. He is a domestic
liberal, strong for international cooperation. He is qualified in every respect to President
the United States.
This is Esther Keef-Hawler. I am campaigning for the presidency. One of the things that's
bothering you and me is the high cost of living. I voted for a strong price control law.
I voted against these amendments such as the key part amendment which have caused prices
to go up. We must continue to try to improve our price control law. There are some strange
things happening in a food price, for instance. There is a big gap that you pay for pork
chops between that and what the farmers are getting for wholves. I believe that Congress
should turn the spotlight on any of these profiteers that may be found. I think that we should
look into the monopolistic influences in processing of food. I am also sponsoring a committee on
consumers where they intended to look into the price discrepancies and to represent
you and me the consumer, just as we have committees representing business, labor and other
elements of our economy. Thank you for letting me talk with you. I hope I may count on your
support.